Possible changes to rfc3995:

Add last-document true attribute to send-document requests, see override.1.test to see how.
Add requesting-user-name to send-document requests and create-job requests.

rfc3995

#- The extra EXPECT lines you copied from the get-printer-attributes.test file are unnecessary and can be removed.
#- Please check for the Create-Job-Subscriptions operation and use DEFINE-MATCH so you can test that optional operation.
#- The 'none' value is required in notify-events-supported (not listed)
#- Should check the value of 'notify-user-data' in the Get-Subscription-Attributes test.
#- WRT the notify-charset tests, section 5.3.6 of RFC 3995 says that a printer can substitute the attributes-charset value if the requested charset is not supported. But it *is* a bug if we are not returning the attribute in get-subcription-attributes.
#- WRT notify-time-interval, should do "EXPECT !notify-time-interval" since that attribute should not be present.
#- The Print-URI operation test needs to be conditional - Print-URI is an optional operation, so check at the beginning in operations-supported and DEFINE-MATCH HAVE_PRINT_URI...
#- The Create-Job operation test needs to be conditional - Create-Job is an optional operation...
#- After the Cancel-Subscription test, maybe try doing a get-notifications request for the canceled subscription to verify it has been canceled (should get status client-error-not-found).
#- Add ISSUE in comments for bugs.

"rfc3996.2.test":

#- The extra EXPECT lines you copied from the get-printer-attributes.test file are unnecessary and can be removed.
#- You can just test for the RFC 3996 operation and attributes here.
#- Add ISSUE in comments for bugs.

override.test
Focus on a few Job Template attributes.  The point is not to exhaustively test things but to cover the basics.  For this test I would focus on the "finishings" or "finishings-col", "media" or "media-col", and "sides" attributes.  Specific things to test (and maybe I should add example files for these tests to the repository) that would likely be automated/used are:
 
- First page on letterhead, following pages on plain paper.
  (this is a simple media-col/media-type override for pages 1-1)
 
- Initial pages two-sided and stapled, followed by an envelope (single-sided and not stapled)
  (this has sides, finishings, and media overrides, and can be broken up into different tests
  if all three can't be done)
 
The spec also calls out a number-up example (first copy is 4-up, remaining copies are 1-up) but I don't think that matches up with 2018 printing need

"pwg5100.7.test"

- Focus on what optional attributes are supported and then make sure the corresponding xxx-default
  is there if xxx-supported is there, and that they are the correct type, count, etc.
- Focus on a short list of the Job Template attributes: output-device and print-content-optimize.
  Most of the operation attributes are defined in other specs, and document-format-details and
  document-format-version have problems (which I will be discussing in the IPP workgroup...)
- This particular specification has no required attributes or semantics, so the testing should 
  just be limited to validating that any xxx-default and xxx-supported attributes have the right types
  and values (EXPECT ?) and then a few job print tests from the short list (above).

** can add WITH-VALUE tags to output-device and print-content-optimize, once the values are final for them.


INTERESTING FACTS (MAY ACCOUNT FOR BUGS):

#Test file naming convention should be:
Base tests: "pwg5100.N.test" or "rfcNNNN.test"
Individual tests: "pwg5100.N-test-name.test" or "rfcNNNN-test-name.test"


